# fractalize

Fractal generator without using javascript


## Fractal Types

Exact self-similarity

- This is the strongest type of self-similarity; the fractal appears identical at different scales. Fractals defined by iterated function systems often display exact self-similarity.
  
Quasi self-similarity
- This is a loose form of self-similarity; the fractal appears approximately (but not exactly) identical at different scales. Quasi-self-similar fractals contain small copies of the entire fractal in distorted and degenerate forms. Fractals defined by recurrence relations are usually quasi-self-similar but not exactly self-similar.

Statistical self-similarity

- This is the weakest type of self-similarity; the fractal has numerical or statistical measures which are preserved across scales. Most reasonable definitions of "fractal" trivially imply some form of statistical self-similarity. (Fractal dimension itself is a numerical measure which is preserved across scales.) Random fractals are examples of fractals which are statistically self-similar, but neither exactly nor quasi-self-similar.


## Generating Fractals

Escape-time fractals

- These are defined by a recurrence relation at each point in a space (such as the complex plane).
  
Iterated function systems

- These have a fixed geometric replacement rule.

Random fractals

- Generated by stochastic rather than deterministic processes.


## References

- https://www.cs.mcgill.ca/~rwest/wikispeedia/wpcd/wp/f/Fractal.htm